Priority Queue : elements with highest priority processed first 

Binary Heap : 
    two rules 
        1. complete binary heap : all the levels are completely filled except the last level , if that is filled then new element 
                                is inserted on the new level to the left most 
        2. satisfy heap property 

Heap property: 
    1. min heap - the node value is less than the children value 
    2. max heap - the node value is greater than its children value 

Accessing Nodes:
    For example , parent node is at an index i, then its children are at (2*i+1) and (2*i-1)
    if the child node is at i , then its parent node is (i-1)/2


Insert() : inserting a key to the binary heap, inserts at the first vacant position in the last level, if that is filled go to the 
            new level ka left most position , later check if the min heap property is maintained - O(logN)

Heapify() : restoring the min heap property which is violated at index i - O(logN)

getMin() : returns the minimum value in the heap ( for the min heap - minimum value is at the root so basically arr[0])- O(1)

ExtractMin() : removes the minimum element from the heap - O(logN)
                for the min heap - it removes the root node , so it copies the last node to the root node first 
                this deletes the element and the size is also decreased .. later it calls the heapify function to restore the heap property 

DecreaseKey() : we need to update the vaue of given key .. for here we assume that its value is less than already existing value
                so first we just update arr[i]=new_val.. with this complete binary tree property is not violated as we are just        
                updating the existing value , but the min heap property might get violated .. that too the lower subtrees are not affected 
                only the ancestors might get affected .. call recursively and chnage that - O(logN)
        
Delete() : so to delete an element from the heap .. first we change its value to INT_MIN ,after that we call the DecreaseKey 
            function .. as this is the smallest it reaches the top and now we call ExtractMin() - O(logN)